let's try the five-seven that one
doesn't need extended mags at 20 fucking
rounds of destruction right there hmm
five seven what attachments can't we put
on it long barrel holy shit let's try
that I didn't even know it had a long
barrel silencers and louder nerves I
think I'll take down the attachment that
is for shoot me down please helicopters
you never know you never know you got to
be ready fight against the man actually
we should Scout the talent here mm-hmm
how about how am i doing for the week
still above 700 that's what I like to
see probably gonna drop below I'm gonna
be using my pistols overflow shit maybe
I should switch the FMJ for pitting
people sitting in Windows sitting behind
concrete you know maybe that's what I
needed to shoot to shoot people clipping
on cars and it's okay we're playing
against the First Hokage I gotta watch
out for his wood jutsu
very dangerous it's a bloodline of
bloodline ninjutsu her can't teach that
to anyone
was she useful bidding techniques sure
why the host again yes I am just so they
can take it away
fantastic alright let's see what the
five seven long barrel can do I guess it
doesn't actually put a long barrel on
the gun huh that's too bad huh
is too bad I think I did that one a
little too early
oh you're gonna kill this kill someone
that big ammo of yours okay to the all
in fucking dumpster L or Barrel alley
yeah I guess I wasn't host so much for
that someone has had enough and I can't
it was someone outside now I'm host I
get it
I'm surprised I didn't put down
probation for quitting out stupid game
watch show oh there's a guy around there
it's all yours team I think I'll take
him home
Oh peace oh shit I should have had him
maybe I should put a silencer on it huh
I don't get fucking ZURB when I take a
shot maybe we'll use secondary
gunfighter
I don't know man there's just so many
choices so many choices oh yeah surprise
I should've figured he'd go be going for
his tag hmm yeah well I guess I don't
really need TaqMan well no we'll see I
like to call tech mask my anti-shock
charge bullshit
oh my god of it
I wasn't ready up that's okay I wasn't
ready that time oh no what the hell I
wasn't even shooting at me oh yeah just
shoot randomly through the flash that's
awesome oh my that is handy I like that
there's still a guy back here
yep they're all thank you teammate it's
gonna try and thank you by stealing your
tag too I should see how much am I
should pay attention how much amble this
thing starts off with because maybe I
won't need scavenger this fuck look at
these wonderful spawns wonderful fucking
spawn the guy I just killed respawns in
front of his tan ice puck spotted the
fucking world war for Jesus look oh no
no no no I lived done run away
conceding defeat I'm surprised I didn't
die it'll fall damage is there yeah well
it probably stunted my region that's why
I died so fast
ice man these Falls are good today walk
out a spot and get shot in the back
obviously I should just back myself into
a corner so I can't get shot in the back
that's what we got to do
well that was terrible
and I'll they got a lady's a guy I just
fucking got killed by I'm spawning right
now yeah we go oh no no I'm getting
fucking hellstorm missile oh maybe not
go off the forwarded disk asshole come
from damn and if you could hit them
they'll they will die a train that's
impressive
I'm gonna steal your counter UAV now I
got one to hold on to ya buddy
don't take my tag god damn it I want
those that want it those are mine
damn it let's see if we can clip with
look at that rage is insane just keep
taking my fucking tag
I'm sure certainly don't want them and
now I gots another VSAT all you bitches
Oh more tags full tank gotta get me hey
some of them tags I do look tags a
little blood poems bones means go
streets it all just makes sense
no I've got damnit I didn't call him up
yeah
wasting my counter UAV oh no oh no no no
my my my my my my damn it oh fuck I did
see him throw it oh he had it in his he
had a pride so he dropped it that's
fucking cute that really is just giving
people more ways to get fucking cheap
kills that they don't deserve sorry
buddy
that five seven is just fucking nasty
Jesus I love it
what else let's see if we can get a
flank on yep
certainly can come on to you mate help
me out here yeah well or bouncing betty
put on fucking engineer this long barrel
shit is good though very what the fuck
he's dead mine buddy up sorry oh damn
these pistols oh jeez I just gotta
figure out I got so many choices you
know I bet I said making her notes
remember what how much ammo the five
seven starts out with and I never did it